doc: add crosslinks to Board Porting Guide (#5056)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/README.rst

* Kconfig files - These reflect the software configuration.
  See :ref:`kconfig_tips_and_tricks` for information about how to configure them.

You must modify these configuration sources when `Adding a new board`_, as described below.

For information about differences between DTS and Kconfig, see :ref:`zephyr:dt_vs_kconfig`.

> For detailed procedure about adding support for a custom board to Zephyr, see Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:board_porting_guide`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions for adding support for a custom board to Zephyr, see Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:board_porting_guide`.
```
Or "For the detailed procedure".

Moreover, keep the default ``ZDebug`` build type that the application is built with, and do not add any additional build type parameters.

.. note::

>     - The following procedure uses the gaming mouse configuration as an example.
>     - The first three steps of the configuration procedure are identical to the steps described in Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:board_porting_guide`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The following procedure uses the gaming mouse configuration as an example.
    * The first three steps of the configuration procedure are identical to the steps described in Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:board_porting_guide`.
```
